TODO.md, before:

#### Immediate

- resource window should also include

  - atoms

- BUG: when moving components over with variants, ensure that variant refs aren't updated.

- cut + paste (resource item)
- Symbol Table in ExprMap

- insert modal

  - display files
  - display components assoc with files

- resource search

  - components
    - ability to drag to element
  - tokens
    - ability to drag onto element
  - style mixins
    - ability to drag onto element

- ability to define script on component

  - properties panel
  - display icon for frames that have controller

- file navigator item

  - open in code editor

- better instance editor

- export public styles, too

- ability to define script in UI
- ability to define trigger reference
- ability to elevate declaration value to mixin
- tab to create new attribute
- "instances of" section should display directory, too.
- mixins should be searchable

- start on AI backend

- ability to toggle frame visiblity

  - show eye button in layer

- ability to wire up script

#### Next

- layers panel

  - ability to drop assets to the canvas

- canvas
  - topbar should not move when panels hide / show
- AI

  - CLI tool for interacting with code
  - compare before committing

- Online editor

  - WASM bridge

- file navigator

  - ability to drop files to file navigator
  - display assets

- resource panel

  - display components
  - display assets (svg, png)
  - ability to drop assets to canvas

- styles panel

- properties panel

  - text input should be text area

- compiler
  - compile style mixins as css selectors
  - compile style vars

Commit message:

resource modal display atoms + components now

TODO.md, after:

#### Immediate

- ability to drag + drop resource items to canvas

- insert modal

  - display files
  - display components assoc with files

- resource search

  - components
    - ability to drag to element
  - tokens
    - ability to drag onto element
  - style mixins
    - ability to drag onto element

- ability to define script on component

  - properties panel
  - display icon for frames that have controller

- file navigator item

  - open in code editor

- better instance editor

- export public styles, too

- ability to define script in UI
- ability to define trigger reference
- ability to elevate declaration value to mixin
- tab to create new attribute
- "instances of" section should display directory, too.
- mixins should be searchable

- start on AI backend

- ability to toggle frame visiblity

  - show eye button in layer

- ability to wire up script

#### Next

- layers panel

  - ability to drop assets to the canvas

- canvas
  - topbar should not move when panels hide / show
- AI

  - CLI tool for interacting with code
  - compare before committing

- Online editor

  - WASM bridge

- file navigator

  - ability to drop files to file navigator
  - display assets

- resource panel

  - display components
  - display assets (svg, png)
  - ability to drop assets to canvas

- styles panel

- properties panel

  - text input should be text area

- compiler
  - compile style mixins as css selectors
  - compile style vars
